{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9
\par
\b Regex Breakdown\par
\par
\cf1 (.*?)\cf0 :\par
\pard\li720 - \cf1 ( ... )\cf0 : Capturing group 1.\par
- \cf1 .*?\cf0 : Matches any character (except for line terminators) as few times as possible (non-greedy).\par
- Captures everything before \cf1 OutputArg\cf0 .\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[1]\cf0 : Everything before \cf1 OutputArg\cf0 .\par
\par
\cf1 (OutputArg\(\s*(?:([^,]*?)\s*,\s*)?""((?:[^""]*""\s*""[^""]*)|[^""]*)""(?:\s*,\s*(.*?))?\s*\);)\cf0 :\par
\pard\li720 - \cf1 ( ... )\cf0 : Capturing group 2.\par
- \cf1 OutputArg\(\cf0 : Matches the literal string \cf1 OutputArg(\cf0 .\par
- \cf1 \s*\cf0 : Matches any whitespace character (including spaces, tabs, etc.) zero or more times.\par
- \cf1 (?: ... )?\cf0 : Non-capturing group that is optional (matches zero or one time).\par
\pard\li1440 - \cf1 ([^,]*?)\cf0 : Capturing group 3 (inside the non-capturing group).\par
- \cf1 [^,]*?\cf0 : Matches any character except a comma, as few times as possible (non-greedy).\par
- Captures the first argument (optional).\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[3]\cf0 : First argument (optional).\par
\pard\li720 - \cf1 \s*,\s*\cf0 : Matches a comma surrounded by optional whitespace.\par
- \cf1 ""\cf0 : Matches a literal double-quote.\par
- \cf1 ((?:[^""]*""\s*""[^""]*)|[^""]*)\cf0 : Capturing group 4.\par
\pard\li1440 - \cf1 (?: ... )\cf0 : Non-capturing group.\par
- \cf1 [^""]*""\s*""[^""]*\cf0 : Matches any sequence of characters except double-quotes, followed by a double-quote, optional whitespace, another double-quote, and more characters except double-quotes.\par
- \cf1 |\cf0 : Alternation (OR).\par
- \cf1 [^""]*\cf0 : Matches any sequence of characters except double-quotes.\par
- Captures the format string.\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[4]\cf0 : Format string.\par
\pard\li720 - \cf1 ""\cf0 : Matches a literal double-quote.\par
- \cf1 (?:\s*,\s*(.*?))?\cf0 : Non-capturing group that is optional (matches zero or one time).\par
\pard\li1440 - \cf1 \s*,\s*\cf0 : Matches a comma surrounded by optional whitespace.\par
- \cf1 (.*?)\cf0 : Capturing group 5.\par
- \cf1 .*?\cf0 : Matches any character (except for line terminators) as few times as possible (non-greedy).\par
- Captures the remaining arguments (optional).\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[5]\cf0 : Remaining arguments.\par
\pard\li720 - \cf1 \s*\);\cf0 : Matches optional whitespace, followed by \cf1 );\cf0 .\par
\par
\b Summary\par
\par
\pard This regex is designed to match and capture parts of a string that follow a specific pattern resembling a function call \cf1 OutputArg(...)\cf0 . It captures:\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[1]\cf0 : Everything before \cf1 OutputArg\cf0 .\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[2]\cf0 : The entire function call.\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[3]\cf0 : The first argument (optional).\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[4]\cf0 : The format string.\par
- \cf1 match.Groups[5]\cf0 : The remaining arguments (optional).\par
\par
This pattern is useful for parsing and extracting components from strings that follow this specific format.\par
}
